Come on, take you home.
Go.
What are you doing?
Dad.
Why are you here?
Read the snow first.
You're not married. You said you were.
Who says I'm not married?
My best friend.
Now you go meet my blind date.
The location has been set.
I'm married, uncle.
It's not fair to bleed.
You open it for me.
Dare to lie to me
What you're saying is true.
Look at that.
I'm married.
Fortunately, it was faked before.
The marriage certificate is all here, how can it be fake?
The late director will have another meal later.
Do you want to take a look at the rest house or...
Let's go eat.
Drink.
Uncle, me and the beginner have received the certificate.
Not enough time to inform family and friends.
He said he wanted to wait for us to rest before visiting you.
They're married now.
The bride price is no longer 200,000.
Don't want to marry my daughter.
Hey, General Manager Gu, isn't that your secretary?
Is something wrong?